userdel -rf jojacquard
userdel -rf hehollerith
userdel -rf joneumann
userdel -rf kozuse
userdel -rf alturing
userdel -rf chbabbage
userdel -rf goleibniz
userdel -rf rubayer
userdel -rf anbechtolsheim
userdel -rf tiberners-lee
userdel -rf doengelbart
userdel -rf ergamma
userdel -rf grhopper
userdel -rf dahuffman
userdel -rf brkernighan
userdel -rf doknuth
userdel -rf adlovelace
userdel -rf keolsen
userdel -rf deritchie
userdel -rf clshannon
userdel -rf antanenbaum
userdel -rf ratomlinson
userdel -rf secray
userdel -rf eddijkstra
userdel -rf edcodd
userdel -rf ristallman
userdel -rf bjstroustrup
userdel -rf pechen
